Baijiu at fifty or sixty degrees tastes like drinking water
You are such a braggart!
Young people are so loud
If you finish these four bottles
Standing up and talking to me?
My wife will kneel down and apologize to you
The old lady shook her head
Ok hum
Ah, gargling is much more comfortable
Here we go.
Compare than don't be afraid of anyone
come again
Win won
Lu Yun won impossible
How can you still drink
Do you want to continue?
If not, Li Blind would still dare to be crazy
I will kill you today
Madam, you have to call the shots for me.
presumptuous
How dare you bully my Li family
old lady
The team has an appointment on the spot
Don't want to be
How dare you let me down
Hmph, the old lady can't afford it?
Okay, then the Li family will serve as a dowry
Enough is enough
The wedding continues
Continue on stage
You can't do this wedding with me today